README.md, before:

# weatherDashboard

## User Story

```
AS A traveler
I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs
WHEN I search for a city
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index
WHEN I view the UV index
THEN I am presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate, or severe
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity
WHEN I click on a city in the search history
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city
```


## Table of Contents
- [Strategy](#strategy)
- [Assets](#assets)
- [Links](#links)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)


### State of Play - Strategy

| Task       | Progress      | 
| ------------- |:-------------:| 
| Build HTML containers based on mockup provided by lead. | Not Yet Started | 
| Search field container to allow user to search a City. | Not Yet Started | 
| Present that above searched city with current weather conditions 1 container and 5 furture panels with weather conditions in another container. | Not Yet Started | 
| The city searched must be saved to local storage able listed once you refresh. Also click sensitive so a user can call on that city's weather fields again | Not Yet Started | 
| The fields for the city search must contain: city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index | Not Yet Started | 
| UV index colour changes colour based on favorable, moderate, or severe | Not Yet Started | 
| Apply additional CSS. Not required but would like to have | Not Yet Started | 


## Assets
![dayplannerref](./assets/Images/workDayScheduler.gif)

## Links
Github Link:
Website Link:

## Credits

Based on the research I found the following sources that I would like to credit for this project: 
| Source        | Platform      | Other  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
|   | Youtube      |  | 
| #ask your classmaters | Slack      |Conversations between instructors and classmates |
| Tutor: Renato Stretti | USYD: Zoom Private Class    | Title:Sunday Session  |
|   |     | |
|   |     | |
|   |     | |

## License
- Existing projects and communities, this README file is publicly open for reference and review. 


## Notes
11/01/2022 -

Commit message:

updated js files with the current and future forecast linked containers. CUrrent forecast error alert window is working and the fields of the search INput value is working. Just need to fetch the future forecast container

README.md, after:

# weatherDashboard

## User Story

```
AS A traveler
I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs
WHEN I search for a city
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index
WHEN I view the UV index
THEN I am presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate, or severe
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity
WHEN I click on a city in the search history
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city
```


## Table of Contents
- [Strategy](#strategy)
- [Assets](#assets)
- [Links](#links)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)


### State of Play - Strategy

| Task       | Progress      | 
| ------------- |:-------------:| 
| Build HTML containers based on mockup provided by lead. | Completed | 
| Search field container to allow user to search a City. | Not Yet Started | 
| Present that above searched city with current weather conditions 1 container and 5 furture panels with weather conditions in another container. | Not Yet Started | 
| The city searched must be saved to local storage able listed once you refresh. Also click sensitive so a user can call on that city's weather fields again | Not Yet Started | 
| The fields for the city search must contain: city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index | Not Yet Started | 
| UV index colour changes colour based on favorable, moderate, or severe | Not Yet Started | 
| Apply additional CSS. Not required but would like to have | Not Yet Started | 


## Assets
![dayplannerref](./assets/Images/workDayScheduler.gif)

## Links
Github Link:
Website Link:

## Credits

Based on the research I found the following sources that I would like to credit for this project: 
| Source        | Platform      | Other  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
|   | Youtube      |  | 
| #ask your classmaters | Slack      |Conversations between instructors and classmates |
| Tutor: Renato Stretti | USYD: Zoom Private Class    | Title:Sunday Session  |
|   |     | |
|   |     | |
|   |     | |

## License
- Existing projects and communities, this README file is publicly open for reference and review. 


## Notes
11/01/2022 - Build HTML, CSS and JS files. Use the search field completed in the dayplanner as a base for the city field.  I have created the API key ID for the openweather app. Initially it came up with a 404 that's no longer the case but I have a 401. The doc mentioned it's because the ID need a couple of hours for it process. Once I have that I can look back into the fetchAPI URL.
Notes for pickup: Display previous searches from the API search. https://openweathermap.org/faq#error401 

12/01/2022 - Reviewed process in JS and research more on what was the purpose of the fetch. Also the API key is now working. Rolling this out.
